the Maori plan ensuring sustainable
futures this is an expression of
kaitiaki dhamma manaphy noah and marta
waka want a cultural well-being future
proved and the environment to be
protected I mean I have two young girls
they're not at war I have to make sure
that these voices are heard for their
future because it was not heard from
them but you don't have nothing for our
children what the final maturity
kaitiakitanga qiao cut the sake cut the
manake cut a mine wha yatta yatta hakuna
matata annoy why home Mikey Ottumwa
thought I really forgot he ki kaitiaki
tana relates to actions that ensure a
sustainable future for all people
underpinning our existence is the need
to protect and enhance Maori knowledge
and practices to strengthen far no hapu
and II we to create sustainable futures
the independent Maori statutory board
conducted workshops with practitioners
and experts to create Maori advancement
action plans
here are some actions that ensure
sustainable futures Auckland Council to
provide support to manaphy nieuwe to
develop a weed management plans Auckland
Council to establish a joint management
committee in joint management agreements
with manaphy NOAA over areas of
significance Maori arts and culture are
a focus area in the maori plan Auckland
Council to develop a strategy in
schedule of moldy focused events and
support one hanger for Maori arts and
culture Auckland Council to support the
development of an iconic cultural arts
center in Tamaki Makoto to promote moly
art and culture locally and
internationally it must be right it must
be responsible
it must be ticker it must be Pall Mall
for us to ensure
that we leave our community in a better
State
for our future generations and then we
acquired to find out more about the Mali
plan or the independent Maori statutory
board visit our website to pay rent F a
lower or Tamaki Maori the Maori plan
healthy and prosperous Maori in Auckland
t him only order